that's a little cool today but what a
gorgeous day
that was flattened entire that joy I
think keep plastic wash writing now
lowest gear not one how's that eight or
ten feet at most 100 years old yeah do
the gathers no that's probably what 10
to 15 feet we thought it was much bigger
you
little for code
something bunch of tracks one two three
four or five moves off in time what is
pretty cool
let's see if I you somehow get you with
that hook under now we got your go out
right there I'm just I'm go this far
down okay that's a cool picture
so you right in front of me in a hitch
on video one of the switch would be
happy to hear you get some velcro on
your helmet
so you keep going that way
this one is awesome great potential my
ass is awesome I had no idea is going to
be like this
so your country in here
yeah that's impressive I think drop down
yeah footsteps tell you what clear on
the top clip from down there the exact
long hey be pretty fresh pretty cool I
just head down yeah take a squash and
not bad though compared to us right
yesterday tonight
yes no way you can ride this regular
bike to wheel drifty stuff going on
watch these used to get bigger as you go
down
oh that's pretty pretty
amazing hello hidden that was her time
he's perfect good sunday lead Alan ya
casi to the moon I'll be able to see it
very well on this video